All right.
How was that.
Hopefully you were able to figure it out.
If not don't worry.
Here's the solution what I'm going to do here is just keep the P Y PD f import and start from scratch.
The first thing I want to do is I want to grab this super dope EDF that we're going to process.
So again I'll just call it the template and this template will be the P Y PD f we'll use the PD f file
reader object and I'll actually show you a little shortcut instead of just opening it the way we have
been before we can just inside of here say open and then say super dot PD F which is why we're going
to open and then open it with the second parameter being read binary just like this.
We're going to create a file reader.
Now you can do it this way or the way that I've shown you before.
This is just a cleaner syntax that I like using next.
I also want to open up the watermark PDA so I'm going to call it watermark and again we're going to
use the same thing.
So I'm going to say file reader and instead of opening the super PDA F I'll open the watermark PDA and
then finally I want to be able to write my output and combine these two.
So I'm going to say output equals and we'll say pi PD f dot PD f file writer to create our write object
in memory now from here.
This is the tricky part.
Ideally we loop through the pages here of the template and add the watermark to it.
Now we are not going to know how many pages supercop EDF has.
I mean we might want to change this program so that we use the command line here to give it a file but
ideally we want to make a program that is flexible and no matter how many pages the given PDL has we
can process it.
So what I'm going to do is use a for loop here and we can also create a function if we want but for
now because this is going to be just one block of code we can just keep it without a function.
And I'm going to say for I in range because we don't know how big this file is going to be and what
I'm going to say is template dot get num pages get nom pages is going to tell me how many pages the
template has.
Remember we've also seen the way of saying num pages in a previous lesson but we can just use get num
pages just to show you something different.
So now it's going to get the number of pages it's going to create a range objects out of it.
And we're going to loop through it.
So if we have five pages it's going to loop five times now in here what we can do is have a page object.
So we're going to say template get page of the index that we're at.
So this is going to go through each time and it's going gonna get the first page the first time around
the second page the third page the fourth page so that we go through everything and that's gonna be
our page.
Object next where we're going to do is say page dot merge page and this merge page is simply going to
get the watermark dot get page at index of 0 because the watermark PD f only has that one page that
has the watermark so I'm going to merge onto that page the watermark now.
Notice here that I didn't use the PDA f file merger and also you y merch page works the way it does
when we finished a project but you can use either one.
The key here with merch page is that I like the PDA file merger which combines the files one after another
merge page actually well merge as the page like we want with the watermark.
Now this is something that you would have had to read through the documentation if you tried the exercise
on your own.
Again one of those things that you just have to practice that muscle finally.
Now that we have the page we can say output which is the PDA rider that we're gonna have our output
will be the ad page and we're going to add this page that we've merged and now finally what we can do
in here is say with open and we'll call this new PD f let's call it watermarked output dot PD f we're
going to say right binary and we're gonna call it as
so then.
Now if we do output dot right and right this file let's see what happens.
I'm going to run my program and then go nowhere.
Let's see if it worked.
We see that we have a watermarked output now.
Again this is gibberish but if we open this
check that out we have our dummy PDA file.
We have the draft over here on the second page.
Third page and even the fourth page with the rotation.
How cool is that.
We just created a PDA off watermark or that was quite simple right again.
If this is confusing and you're saying Hey Andre I didn't get this am I a bad programmer.
No you're not.
This is very library specific right.
You're never gonna get asked this exact syntax in an interview.
Instead you read the documentation you want to merge pages.
So you Google something like merge page on the official documentation of a library and you figure out
hey merge pages right here.
I can read one merge page does that is we see.
Oh yeah merges the content streams of two pages into one.
All right.
That's what we need.
So that's what we use.
And you experiment go back and forth until you have a working project.
There you have it.
You can now work in Hollywood.
Congratulations.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.